apps/docs/docs/guide/start/create-from-scratch.mdx, before:

# Create a DKCutter From Scratch

import { Steps } from "@/components/Steps";
import { PackageManagerTabs } from "@/components/PackageManagerTabs";

We'll create a simple DKCutter named `dkcutter-website-simple` for generating basic websites.
This is a great way to get started with DKCutter if you're new to creating websites.

## Let's get started!

<div className="steps">
<Steps>

### Step 1: Create a directory for your DKCutter

Open your terminal and navigate to your desired directory.
Then, run the following command to create a new directory for your DKCutter and `cd` into it:

```bash
mkdir dkcutter-website-simple
cd dkcutter-website-simple/
``` 

### Step 2: Create the `dkcutter.json` file

The `dkcutter.json` file contains configuration options that DKCutter uses to generate your project.
Create a new file named `dkcutter.json` and paste the following content into it, replacing the placeholder text with your desired project name:

```json title="dkcutter.json"
{
  "$schema": "https://dkcutter.ncontiero.com/schema.json",
  "projectName": "My Simple Website",
  "projectSlug": "{{ projectName|lower|replace(' ', '-')|trim }}"
}
```

#### Explanation of `dkcutter.json` properties:

- `"$schema"`: This property specifies the location of the DKCutter schema file that defines the valid configuration options.
- `"projectName"`: This property defines the name of your website project.
- `"projectSlug"`: This property defines the name of the directory that will be created for your website.
It uses a template that converts the project name to lowercase, replaces spaces with hyphens, and removes any leading or trailing whitespace.

### Step 3: Create the template directory

Create a new directory named `template/{{dkcutter.projectSlug}}` inside your DKCutter project directory.
This directory will hold the template files that will be used to generate your website.

### Step 4: Create the index.html file

Inside the `template/{{dkcutter.projectSlug}}` directory, create a new file named `index.html`
and paste the following basic HTML code into it:

```html title="index.html"
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
  <head>
    <meta charset="UTF-8">
    <title>{{ dkcutter.projectName }}</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>{{ dkcutter.projectName }}</h1>
  </body>
</html>
```

This code defines a simple HTML page with a title that matches your project name.

### Step 5: Run DKCutter

Navigate back to your terminal and run the following command to generate your website project:

<PackageManagerTabs command="dkcutter@latest ." isExecuted />

The `.` at the end of the command specifies the current directory where your DKCutter project resides.

You can expect similar output:

```bash
npx dkcutter@latest .
✔ Project name? … Test web
✔ Project slug? … test-web
✔ Project created!
```

Resulting directory should be inside your work directory with a name that matches `projectSlug` you defined.
Inside that directory there should be `index.html` with generated source:

```html title="index.html"
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
  <head>
    <meta charset="UTF-8">
    <title>Test web</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Test web</h1>
  </body>
</html>
```

</Steps>
</div>

Commit message:

feat: add `--init` option to create a base template

apps/docs/docs/guide/start/create-from-scratch.mdx, after:

# Create a DKCutter From Scratch

import { Steps } from "@/components/Steps";
import { PackageManagerTabs } from "@/components/PackageManagerTabs";

We'll create a simple DKCutter named `dkcutter-website-simple` for generating basic websites.
This is a great way to get started with DKCutter if you're new to creating websites.
Or you can use [`--init`](../advanced/cli.mdx#--init) option to create a base DKCutter template project.

## Let's get started!

<div className="steps">
<Steps>

### Step 1: Create a directory for your DKCutter

Open your terminal and navigate to your desired directory.
Then, run the following command to create a new directory for your DKCutter and `cd` into it:

```bash
mkdir dkcutter-website-simple
cd dkcutter-website-simple/
``` 

### Step 2: Create the `dkcutter.json` file

The `dkcutter.json` file contains configuration options that DKCutter uses to generate your project.
Create a new file named `dkcutter.json` and paste the following content into it, replacing the placeholder text with your desired project name:

```json title="dkcutter.json"
{
  "$schema": "https://dkcutter.ncontiero.com/schema.json",
  "projectName": "My Simple Website",
  "projectSlug": "{{ projectName|lower|replace(' ', '-')|trim }}"
}
```

#### Explanation of `dkcutter.json` properties:

- `"$schema"`: This property specifies the location of the DKCutter schema file that defines the valid configuration options.
- `"projectName"`: This property defines the name of your website project.
- `"projectSlug"`: This property defines the name of the directory that will be created for your website.
It uses a template that converts the project name to lowercase, replaces spaces with hyphens, and removes any leading or trailing whitespace.

### Step 3: Create the template directory

Create a new directory named `template/{{dkcutter.projectSlug}}` inside your DKCutter project directory.
This directory will hold the template files that will be used to generate your website.

### Step 4: Create the index.html file

Inside the `template/{{dkcutter.projectSlug}}` directory, create a new file named `index.html`
and paste the following basic HTML code into it:

```html title="index.html"
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
  <head>
    <meta charset="UTF-8">
    <title>{{ dkcutter.projectName }}</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>{{ dkcutter.projectName }}</h1>
  </body>
</html>
```

This code defines a simple HTML page with a title that matches your project name.

### Step 5: Run DKCutter

Navigate back to your terminal and run the following command to generate your website project:

<PackageManagerTabs command="dkcutter@latest ." isExecuted />

The `.` at the end of the command specifies the current directory where your DKCutter project resides.

You can expect similar output:

```bash
npx dkcutter@latest .
✔ Project name? … Test web
✔ Project slug? … test-web
✔ Project created!
```

Resulting directory should be inside your work directory with a name that matches `projectSlug` you defined.
Inside that directory there should be `index.html` with generated source:

```html title="index.html"
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
  <head>
    <meta charset="UTF-8">
    <title>Test web</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Test web</h1>
  </body>
</html>
```

</Steps>
</div>
