apps/docs/docs/guide/start/getting-started.mdx, before:

# Quick start

import { PackageManagerTabs } from "@/components/PackageManagerTabs";

The recommended way to use DKCutter as a command line utility is to execute it with `pnpm dlx`, `npx`, `yarn dlx` or `bunx`.

## With a GitHub template

To create a project from the [dkcutter-nextjs](https://github.com/ncontiero/dkcutter-nextjs) repo template:

<PackageManagerTabs command="dkcutter@latest gh:ncontiero/dkcutter-nextjs" isExecuted />

DKCutter knows abbreviations for GitHub (`gh`), Bitbucket (`bb`), and GitLab (`gl`) projects, but you can also give it the full URL to any repository:

<PackageManagerTabs command="dkcutter@latest https://github.com/ncontiero/dkcutter-nextjs.git" isExecuted />

## With a local template

<PackageManagerTabs command="dkcutter@latest ./dkcutter-nextjs" isExecuted />

## With JS/TS

```js title="index.js"
import { dkcutter } from "dkcutter";

// Create project from the dkcutter-nextjs/ template
await dkcutter({ template: "dkcutter-nextjs/" });

// Create project from the gh:ncontiero/dkcutter-nextjs repo template
await dkcutter({ template: "gh:ncontiero/dkcutter-nextjs" });
```

Commit message:

feat: add `--init` option to create a base template

apps/docs/docs/guide/start/getting-started.mdx, after:

# Quick start

import { PackageManagerTabs } from "@/components/PackageManagerTabs";

The recommended way to use DKCutter as a command line utility is to execute it with `pnpm dlx`, `npx`, `yarn dlx` or `bunx`.

## With `--init` option

To create a base DKCutter template project, run the following command:

<PackageManagerTabs command="dkcutter@latest --init" isExecuted />

> [!INFO]
> This feature is only available in the `4.6.0` version or later.

## With a GitHub template

To create a project from the [dkcutter-nextjs](https://github.com/ncontiero/dkcutter-nextjs) repo template:

<PackageManagerTabs command="dkcutter@latest gh:ncontiero/dkcutter-nextjs" isExecuted />

DKCutter knows abbreviations for GitHub (`gh`), Bitbucket (`bb`), and GitLab (`gl`) projects, but you can also give it the full URL to any repository:

<PackageManagerTabs command="dkcutter@latest https://github.com/ncontiero/dkcutter-nextjs.git" isExecuted />

## With a local template

<PackageManagerTabs command="dkcutter@latest ./dkcutter-nextjs" isExecuted />

## With JS/TS

```js title="index.js"
import { dkcutter } from "dkcutter";

// Create project from the dkcutter-nextjs/ template
await dkcutter({ template: "dkcutter-nextjs/" });

// Create project from the gh:ncontiero/dkcutter-nextjs repo template
await dkcutter({ template: "gh:ncontiero/dkcutter-nextjs" });
```
