apps/docs/docs/guide/advanced/cli.mdx, before:

# CLI - Command Line Options

import { PackageManagerTabs } from "@/components/PackageManagerTabs";

This section explains the command-line options you can use with DKCutter to customize
how it generates projects from templates.

## Basic Usage

The basic usage of the DKCutter command-line tool follows this format:

```bash
dkcutter [template] [options] [extra-context-options]...
```

- `[template]`: The URL or path to the DKCutter template you want to use.
- `[options]`: Optional flags that modify DKCutter's behavior (see details below).
- `[extra-context-options]...`: (Optional) Additional key-value pairs to provide context that overrides values
in the template's `dkcutter.json` file (see [Injecting Extra Context](#injecting-extra-context) for more information).

## Options

Here's a breakdown of the available DKCutter command-line options:

### `-v, --version`

Show the version and exit.

### `-y, --default`

Do not prompt for parameters and/or use the template's default values. (default: `false`)

### `-o, --output <path>`

Specifies the directory path where you want DKCutter to generate the project. If omitted, the project will be created in your current working directory.

### `-d, --directory <path>`

Directory within repo that holds `dkcutter.json` file for advanced repositories with multi templates in it.

### `-c, --checkout <checkout>`

branch, tag or commit to checkout after git clone.

### `-f, --overwrite`

Overwrite the output directory if it already exists. (default: `false`)

### `-k, --keep-project-on-failure`

Keep the generated project dir on failure. (default: `false`)

### `-h, --help`

display help for command.

## Arguments

### `template`

This argument specifies the URL or local file path of the DKCutter template you want to use for project generation.

## Injecting Extra Context

You can provide additional context to DKCutter using key-value pairs on the command line. These key-value pairs will override the corresponding values defined in the template's `dkcutter.json` file. This allows you to customize project generation without modifying the template itself.

Here's an example:

<PackageManagerTabs
  command="dkcutter@latest https://github.com/ncontiero/dkcutter-nextjs --projectName 'My Name Project' -y"
  isExecuted
/>

In this example, the `--projectName` option overrides the default `projectName` defined in
the `dkcutter-nextjs` template's `dkcutter.json` file, and the `-y` flag avoids prompting you for confirmation.

Commit message:

feat: add `--init` option to create a base template

apps/docs/docs/guide/advanced/cli.mdx, after:

# CLI - Command Line Options

import { PackageManagerTabs } from "@/components/PackageManagerTabs";

This section explains the command-line options you can use with DKCutter to customize
how it generates projects from templates.

## Basic Usage

The basic usage of the DKCutter command-line tool follows this format:

```bash
dkcutter [template] [options] [extra-context-options]...
```

- `[template]`: The URL or path to the DKCutter template you want to use.
- `[options]`: Optional flags that modify DKCutter's behavior (see details below).
- `[extra-context-options]...`: (Optional) Additional key-value pairs to provide context that overrides values
in the template's `dkcutter.json` file (see [Injecting Extra Context](#injecting-extra-context) for more information).

## Options

Here's a breakdown of the available DKCutter command-line options:

### `-v, --version`

Show the version and exit.

### `--init`

Create a base DKCutter template project. This option is only available in version `4.6.0` or later.

### `-y, --default`

Do not prompt for parameters and/or use the template's default values. (default: `false`)

### `-o, --output <path>`

Specifies the directory path where you want DKCutter to generate the project. If omitted, the project will be created in your current working directory.

### `-d, --directory <path>`

Directory within repo that holds `dkcutter.json` file for advanced repositories with multi templates in it.

### `-c, --checkout <checkout>`

branch, tag or commit to checkout after git clone.

### `-f, --overwrite`

Overwrite the output directory if it already exists. (default: `false`)

### `-k, --keep-project-on-failure`

Keep the generated project dir on failure. (default: `false`)

### `-h, --help`

display help for command.

## Arguments

### `template`

This argument specifies the URL or local file path of the DKCutter template you want to use for project generation.

## Injecting Extra Context

You can provide additional context to DKCutter using key-value pairs on the command line. These key-value pairs will override the corresponding values defined in the template's `dkcutter.json` file. This allows you to customize project generation without modifying the template itself.

Here's an example:

<PackageManagerTabs
  command="dkcutter@latest https://github.com/ncontiero/dkcutter-nextjs --projectName 'My Name Project' -y"
  isExecuted
/>

In this example, the `--projectName` option overrides the default `projectName` defined in
the `dkcutter-nextjs` template's `dkcutter.json` file, and the `-y` flag avoids prompting you for confirmation.
