docs/advanced/advanced-usage.md, before:

# Advanced Usage

Various advanced topics regarding dkcutter usage.

- [CLI - Command Line Options](./cli.md)
  - [Options](./cli.md#options)
  - [Arguments](./cli.md#arguments)
  - [Injecting Extra Context](./cli.md#injecting-extra-context)
- [User Config](./user-config.md)
- [Using Pre/Post-Generate Hooks](./hooks.md)
  - [Types of Hooks](./hooks.md#types-of-hooks)
  - [Creating Hooks](./hooks.md#creating-hooks)
  - [Hook Execution](./hooks.md#hook-execution)
  - [Examples](./hooks.md#examples)
- [Templates in Context Values](./templates-in-context.md)
- [Private Variables](./private-variables.md)
- [Global Variables](./global-variables.md)
- [Choice Variables](./choice-variables.md)
- [Boolean Variables](./boolean-variables.md)
- [Variables using `object`](./variables-using-object.md)
  - [Object - `value` property](./variables-using-object.md#object---value-property)
  - [Object - `promptMessage` property](./variables-using-object.md#object---promptmessage-property)
  - [Object - `validateRegex` property](./variables-using-object.md#object---validateregex-property)
  - [Object - `choices` property](./variables-using-object.md#object---choices-property)
  - [Object - `choicesType` property](./variables-using-object.md#object---choicestype-property)
  - [Object - `disabled` property](./variables-using-object.md#object---disabled-property)

Commit message:

docs: add documentation for `dkcutter` function

docs/advanced/advanced-usage.md, after:

# Advanced Usage

Various advanced topics regarding dkcutter usage.

- [CLI - Command Line Options](./cli.md)
  - [Options](./cli.md#options)
  - [Arguments](./cli.md#arguments)
  - [Injecting Extra Context](./cli.md#injecting-extra-context)
- [User Config](./user-config.md)
- [Calling DKCutter function from JS/TS](./calling-dkcutter-function.md)
  - [Options and Extra Context](./calling-dkcutter-function.md#options-and-extra-context)
  - [Receive final context](./calling-dkcutter-function.md#receive-final-context)
- [Using Pre/Post-Generate Hooks](./hooks.md)
  - [Types of Hooks](./hooks.md#types-of-hooks)
  - [Creating Hooks](./hooks.md#creating-hooks)
  - [Hook Execution](./hooks.md#hook-execution)
  - [Examples](./hooks.md#examples)
- [Templates in Context Values](./templates-in-context.md)
- [Private Variables](./private-variables.md)
- [Global Variables](./global-variables.md)
- [Choice Variables](./choice-variables.md)
- [Boolean Variables](./boolean-variables.md)
- [Variables using `object`](./variables-using-object.md)
  - [Object - `value` property](./variables-using-object.md#object---value-property)
  - [Object - `promptMessage` property](./variables-using-object.md#object---promptmessage-property)
  - [Object - `validateRegex` property](./variables-using-object.md#object---validateregex-property)
  - [Object - `choices` property](./variables-using-object.md#object---choices-property)
  - [Object - `choicesType` property](./variables-using-object.md#object---choicestype-property)
  - [Object - `disabled` property](./variables-using-object.md#object---disabled-property)
